Refactor docs to use new Load interface (#4080)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/user/preprocessing.md

 * [Dataset splitting](core/split.md): split a dataset into a training and test
   set, optionally including labels.

 * [Images preprocessing](core/images.md): a set of functions to preprocess

>    images for training and inference, such as resize, crop, and group channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   images for training and inference, including resizing, cropping, and changing
   the pixel ordering.
```
